.TH MAESTRO 1 2020-08-08 "Maestro v1.0.0"

.SH NAME

.PP
maestro \- a framework for working with AWS Step Functions

.SH SYNOPSIS

.PP
.B maestro
[\fIoptions\fR...]
.I command

.SH DESCRIPTION

.PP
Maestro is an open-source easy-to-use framework for quickly bootstrapping,
deploying,
and rapidly iterating your serverless orchestration
(hence the name)
workflows and applications using
.UR https://nodejs.org/
Node.js\*R
.UE
and
.UR https://aws.amazon.com/step-functions
AWS Step Functions
.UE .

.PP
Maestro makes it easy to get started developing your serverless
orchestration workflows,
makes deploying a breeze,
and provides a method for quick re-deploys,
helping you out not just in the initial phase of your project,
but in the ongoing maitenence and iteration as well.

.SH OPTIONS

.PP
The options that Maestro accepts depends heavily on the
sub-command that Maestro is invoked with
(see the
.B COMMANDS
section for a list of all the commands).

.PP
By itself,
.B maestro
has one option:

.TP
.BR -h , " --help"
displays help about Maestro as a whole.

.SH COMMANDS

.SS help
Displays help about Maestro or a specific sub-command.
See
.BR maestro-help (1)
for more information.

.SS config
Guides you through configuring your
.I ~/.maestro/aws_account_info.json
configuration file
(see \fBFILES\fR).
See
.BR maestro-config (1)
for more information.

.SS get-templates
Fetches and installs the default templates.
See
.BR maestro-get-templates (1)
for more information
and
.BR maestro-new (1)
for more information about templates.

.SS new
Creates a new Maestro project based off of a template.
See
.BR maestro-new (1)
for more information.

.SS deploy
Deploys a Maestro project to AWS.
See
.BR maestro-deploy (1)
for more information.

.SS teardown
Deletes a Maestro project from AWS.
See
.BR maestro-teardown (1)
for more information.

.SH FILES

.PP
Maestro uses
.I ~/.maestro/
as a general configuration directory as well as place to hold Maestro-\
specific files and directories such as templates configuration files.

.SS AWS account configuration

.PP
The
.I ~/.maestro/aws_account_info.json
file is used for configuration of AWS for deployment,
and has 2 main fields:

.TP
\fB"account_number"\fR
your AWS IAM account number to deploy under (e.g., \fI"12345689012"\fR).

.TP
\fB"region"\fR
the AWS region you wish to deploy under (e.g., \fI"us-east-2"\fR).

.PP
See
.BR maestro-config (1),
for directions on setting up this configuration file.

.SS Project templates

.PP
The
.I ~/.maestro/templates/
directory holds templates of custom and default example project structures\
/workflows.
See
.BR maestro-get-templates (1)
and
.BR maestro-new (1)
for more details

.SH NOTES

.PP
This project is still under heavy development, so keep tuned ;).

.SH BUGS

.PP
Since Maestro is in the prototypal phase, bug reports are welcome and can be submitted at
.UR https://github.com/maestro-framework/maestro/issues
the GitHub Issues page
.UE .

.SH EXAMPLE

.PP
For specific examples, see the
.BR SYNOPSIS " and " EXAMPLE
sections for each manual page listed under
\fBSEE ALSO\fR.

.SH SEE ALSO

.PP
.BR maestro-help (1),
.BR maestro-deploy (1),
.BR maestro-config (1),
.BR maestro-new (1),
.BR maestro-get-templates (1),
.BR maestro-teardown (1)
