.TH MAESTRO-TEARDOWN 1 2020-08-08 "Maestro v1.0.0"

.SH NAME

.PP
maestro-teardown \- teardown an existing maestro project

.SH SYNOPSIS

.PP
.B maestro teardown
.RI [ options " ...]"

.SH DESCRIPTION

.PP
Executing this command with your working directory
being the root of some Maestro project will tear down
the associated resources from Amazon Web Services.
The associated resources are as follows:

.IP \(bu
All AWS Lambdas uploaded from the project-local
.I lambdas
directory.
See
.BR maestro-deploy (1) 
for more detail.

.IP \(bu
The AWS Step Functions state machine definition created from the project-local
.I definition.asl.json
definition file.
See
.BR maestro-deploy (1) 
for more detail.

.IP \(bu
Any AWS IAM roles specified via an optional flag.
See the
.B OPTIONS
section for more detail.

.SH OPTIONS

.TP
.BR \-f ", " \-\-force
Do not prompt for confirmation.

.TP
\fB\-\-roles=\fIrole1\fR[,\fIrole2\fR...],\
 \fB\-\-roles\fR \fIrole1\fR[,\fIrole2\fR...]
Specify the AWS IAM roles by role name to be deleted
in addition to the state machines and functions.

.SH BUGS

.PP
Since Maestro is in the prototypal phase, bug reports are welcome and can be submitted at
.UR https://github.com/maestro-framework/maestro/issues
the GitHub Issues page
.UE .

.SH EXAMPLE

.SS Interactive prompt

.PP
Assuming your working directory has the form of
.I /path/to/project-name
(and therefore your project has the name of \fIproject-name\fR),
when
.I maestro teardown
is executed, a prompt appears of this form:

.PP
.RS
.EX
$ \fBmaestro teardown\fR
Are you sure you want to delete project-name? [y/N] 
.EE
.RE

.SS Force tearing down everything 

.PP
Assuming there is a Maestro project located at the path \fI/path/to/maestro-project\fR, this will tear down the project without prompts as well as the 2 associated Maestro roles:

.PP
.RS
.EX
$ \fBcd /path/to/maestro-project\fR
$ \fBmaestro teardown --roles=maestro_lambda,maestro_step_functions --force\fR
 ...
 output from tearing everything down
 ...
.EE
.RE

.SH SEE ALSO

.PP
.BR maestro (1),
.BR maestro-help (1),
.BR maestro-config (1),
.BR maestro-deploy (1),
.BR maestro-new (1),
.BR maestro-get-templates (1)
